---
title: Where I learn Vue.js?
date: 2019-07-20
published: true
tags: ["Vue.js", "Resources"]
series: false
cover_image: ./images/vue-resources.png
logo_image: ./images/vue-logo.png
canonical_url: false
description: "Did you know you can build and deploy your JAMStack site in less than 5 minutes? Yes, it is possible thanks to Stackbit, an online service that scaffolds a JAMStack website from scratch using different technologies. It uses pre-built themes, different static site generators, connect it to CMS of your choice and then publish your site to Github and Netlify. And it is free to use."
---

# Where I learn Vue.js?

Aside from the official docs, tons of resources are available online to learn Vue. A Google search will land you to a numerous amount of resources and tutorials. From beginner-friendly tutorials to the most advanced ones, you name it, the community of Vue developers has it for you.

For today's blog, I will share a list of resources where I learn Vue. This is for all types of Vue developers, from beginners to senior levels.

# 1. Medium

Medium is an online publishing platform where individuals in different professions share their stories, publications, tutorials, opinions, etc.
Medium is home to over million active readers and writers. Because of its diversity, it is a good platform for sharing information. Most developers and startup companies post their publications here, hence you see tutorials for different technologies and of course, Vue is no exception. If you search Vue from the search bar, you will get a good amount of results, mostly from the companies that use this framework.

# 2. Academind

Academind is another valuable learning platform created by Maximilian. You will learn extensive web development from the instructors here. Most of their contents are on youtube and Udemy, however, some are paid and only a few are free.

# 3. Vue Mastery

Probably one of the best online learning platforms for Vue.js. The quality of the courses here are worth the price and are on top of its game. This site has a list of comprehensive tutorials for Vue making the content only focuses on the framework itself. They offer live training, weekly video courses uploads, and conference videos. This site is founded by Gregg Pollack, the former instructor on CodeSchool.

# 4. ITNext

From the website itself, ITNEXT is a platform for IT developers & software engineers to share knowledge, connect, collaborate, learn and experience next-gen technologies. If you're an intermediate Vue developer and would like to upgrade your skills, then this is the right place for you. There are advance tutorials you will find here mostly from senior engineers.

# 5. Github

Github is home to millions of project repositories. If you are not a fan of watching videos or reading written tutorials and you just want to jump right on the codebase, you may want to read the repos on Github. Just search for Vue topics and look for amazing repositories. There are numerous amount of amazing repos here.

# 6. Youtube

As the largest online video-sharing platform in the world, Youtube, without a doubt, one of the best platform for learning everything. You will find a lot of good tutorials here shared by professionals, all for free. And web development is one of them.

# 7. Dev.to

Dev.to is an online platform for the community of developers who code. This is where programmers from around the world share ideas and help each other grow. It is an online community for sharing and discovering great ideas, having debates, and making friends. Anyone can share articles, questions, discussions, etc. as long as they have the rights to the words they are sharing. There are good resources here for Vue. Just look up for Vue.js tags and you will get good results.

# 8. Udemy

Udemy.com is an online learning platform. It is aimed at professional adults. Unlike academic massive open online course programs which are driven by traditional collegiate coursework, Udemy uses content from online content creators to sell for profit.

# 9. Awesome-Vuejs

A website curating the list of awesome things related to Vue.js. This massive list of tutorials, ebooks, courses, libraries for Vue will surely help you to become an effective Vue developer.

That's it for now. I will update this post once I found a valuable resource online.
Thanks for dropping by.

## Happy Coding!
