---
title: Build a fully static Online Shop with Nuxt, Nuxt Content and Snipcart
date: 2020-07-05
published: false
tags: []
series: false
cover_image: ./images/nuxt-snipcart.png
logo_image: ./images/nuxt-logo.svg
canonical_url: false
description: ""
---

In this blog post, we will create a fully static online site using Nuxt, Nuxt Content and Snipcart. We will make a website for a fictional online burger delivery - BurgrFam. We will be using Nuxt.js on the frontend and Nuxt Content for hosting our data. All information are based on markdown. For payment processing, we will be using a service called Snipcart. Snipcart will handle all the payment and order processing for our site. No need to write server related stuff, etc.

# What is Nuxt.js?

Nuxt.js is a progressive framework for Vue.js. It helps developers to build server-rendered, PWA and single page apps in Vue easily. Nuxt does most of the heavy lifting on building a Vue application, from routing, to middleware, working with plugins, and managing asynchronous data. The Nuxt team recently announced the support for fully static sites. In Nuxt.js,

# What is Nuxt Content?

Nuxt Content "@nuxtjs/content" is a module that powers Nuxt application by acting as a Git-based Headless CMS. Basically, you create a content/ directory on your root project directory and put all your files inside that directory. Your files could be in Markdown, YAML, JSON, XML or even CSV. Notable features include full text search, vue components inside markdown, support static site generation, powerful querybuilder API (similar to MongoDB), and blazing fast hot reload during development. If you're a Gridsome user, I'm sure you will like these features on Nuxt.

# What is Snipcart?

Snipcart is a shopping cart solution that allows developers to turn any website into a robust ecommerce platform in minutes. It offers customizable frontend shopping cart, APIs, and a full merchant back office to manage e-commerce operations. To cut it short, developers build the site with whatever stack or CMS they'd like and can integrate Snipcart to handle the e-commerce side of things!

# Let's build BurgrFam

Before proceeding to the tutorial, make sure you have all these requirements ready.

1. Github account
2. Snipcart developer account

```markdown
Table of Contents

1. Create a Nuxt app
   a. Create a Navigation component
   b. Create a Header component
   c. Create a ProductItem component
   d. Create a ProductList component
2. Add markdown files
3. Use Nuxt Content
4. Integrate Snipcart
5. Deploy our site
```

# 1. Create a Nuxt app

Open your terminal and go to your favorite project directory and run this command.

```javascript
$ npx create-nuxt-app burgrfam
```

This will scaffold a Nuxt application and install all the dependencies. Since we're using npx, the latest version of Nuxt will be installed. For this tutorial, we'll keep our app simple and we will not use any CSS framework. Instead we will use Sass and BEM.

Now we need to make components for our site. First we will create a navigation component.

### a. Create a Navigation component

To create a nav component, inside burgrfam/src/components directory, create a NavBar.vue file. This will be the nav for our router. Inside the NavBar.vue, paste this code:

```javascript
<template>
  <div class="nav">
    <h1 class="nav-logo">Burger 1</h1>
    <nuxt-link to="/">All Products</nuxt-link>
  </div>
</template>
```

### b. Create a Card component

Next, we will create a component that will display our product. Inside burgrfam/src/components directory, create a BurgrCard.vue file. Inside the BurgrCard.vue, paste this code:

```javascript
<template>
  <div class="card">
    <h1 class="card__title">Burger 1</h1>
    <p class="card__price">$10</p>
    <p class="card__description">This is a description</p>
  </div>
</template>
```
